[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital typing, beeping]
NOBODY IN PARTICULAR
[upbeat music]
[birds chirping]
[Mrs. Hertz] Quiet down, please.
The results of the class test
were far from brilliant.
Your grades were almost all C's and D's.
Obviously, there are exceptions.
Belpois, I gave you an A-minus.
The minus was a reminder
there is no such thing as perfection.
Stern, you are clearly pushing the limits
of your "I don't care" attitude.
A nucleus is not made up of croutons,
but protons.
D-minus.
If memory serves,
and mine is more reliable than yours,
you promised to put in an honest effort,
didn't you?
It's clear
you didn't even look at your notes.
This won't help
at the Academic Review tomorrow.
-[Nicolas giggles]
-Poliakoff!
[Mrs. Hertz] Zero.
A kilogram of mercury doesn't weigh a ton.
So, if I were you,
I'd stop snickering like an idiot.
[birds chirping]
[Odd] Don't worry. It'll work out fine.
[Ulrich] I doubt it.
Hertz will do all she can
to transfer me to ninth grade remedial.
They wouldn't do that
in the middle of the year.
With my grades, don't bet on it.
My parents will kill me.
Finding time to fight XANA
will be a real nightmare.
Come on. Nothing's been decided yet.
Right. A teacher may defend you.
Speaking of transfers,
I have some good news.
I found a way to virtualize you
directly into Sector Five. Not bad.
Without the Transporter?
Yes, that's right.
By interpolating the source codes
in Planck's quantum space,
we can get around
the Heisenberg uncertainty theory.
The only risk is coming up
with a mathematical singularity.
In English?
Hmm, it can work, but it's dangerous.
[stutters] Before I am sure, I'll need a…
-A guinea pig?
-Right. Any volunteers?
[buzzing]
The shortest string bean is it.
[thumps]
[hums]
I guess today is not my day.
We'll run the test tonight at eight.
Here. I'm leaving you my cherry soda
in case I don't make it back.
You're kidding! Thanks,
but I couldn't possibly accept.
Here, Yumi. You're the most worthy heir
to the great Ulrich.
The first man to set foot
on Sector Five without passing Go.
[nods]
[theme music]
[digital whirring]
[beeps]
[swooshing]
[whirring]
Tell me guys,
did you all get to the Arena?
Yes! Last stop, everybody out.
We're good, Jeremy.
We're standing by to welcome Ulrich.
-Loud and clear, Yumi. Ulrich? Ready?
-Roger.
[Jeremy] Logically, you should arrive
directly into Sector Five,
right between Odd and Yumi.
You sure you know what you're doing?
Yes, well about 98 percent.
[Jeremy] Hold on.
Ulrich will be with you soon.
[Jeremy] Transfer Ulrich.
Scanner Ulrich.
[digital whirring]
-Virtualization.
-[clicks]
[tense music]
Where is he? Did he take the local
instead of the express?
The virtualization did take place.
He should have appeared next to you.
[Yumi] Maybe he was transferred
to the wrong place.
-I'll do a search, but I can't see how.
-[computer beeps]
[clicks]
[computer chimes]
-Oh, no! Impossible!
-[Yumi] What's the matter?
[Jeremy stutters] He doesn't show up
on the screens anymore.
You want us to sweep Sector Five
to see if we can spot him?
[Jeremy] And have XANA take advantage
and pull a dirty one on us?
No, thanks. I'll run a search from here.
You'd better come back in.
I'll re-materialize you now.
[Yumi hums]
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Nothing in the Mountain Sector.
Nothing in the Arena.
Nothing in the Celestial Dome.
Nothing in the Core of Lyoko
and not a trace in Sector Five, either.
What are you saying?
Ulrich has… disappeared.
I don't know what to do.
[sad music]
[Jeremy] I don't get this.
Despite my research,
I haven't managed to localize him.
I'll keep searching from my room computer.
He must be somewhere.
[Yumi] Go on, keep trying.
But you messed up big time
and Ulrich may be lost forever!
-[gasps]
-[Yumi cries]
[door opens]
-[Odd shrugs]
-[Kiwi whimpers]
Get off of there!
[barks]
[whimpers]
[moans]
-[Kiwi whimpers]
-[Odd] Kiwi, buddy, I'm sorry.
[sobs]
[clicks]
[sad music]
[whirring]
-[metallic clang]
-Jeremy?
Nice! Thanks for such a warm welcome.
-[whirring]
-[grunts]
What's going on?
[tense music]
[birds chirping]
[clicks]
[whirring]
Jeremy, what's happening to me?
-[clicks]
-[knocks on door]
[Jeremy] Come in!
Jeremy!
[hums]
You can hear me, right?
-[door slams]
-Well? Anything new?
Still no sign of Ulrich.
He couldn't disappear into thin air.
How do I make you see me?
I must have made a mistake somewhere.
But I don't know where I messed up.
-Yoo-hoo, Odd!
-[barks]
Finally, someone who can see me!
[barks]
Kiwi, will you cut that out?
Yes, you're a good dog.
Any ideas to make them realize I'm here?
[barks]
Maybe an emergent property
appeared in the algorithms
and altered the normal functioning
of the virtualizations. It's possible.
-[Ulrich] Looks like a system bug to me.
-[shrugs]
-[Ulrich] I'm down here, lower!
[Ulrich through Kiwi] Surprise!
That's fantastic!
My training methods have finally paid off!
Kiwi's talking!
No, it's me talking, Ulrich,
from inside Kiwi's body.
But what are you doing inside my dog?
That's crazy!
I entered Kiwi's body by accident.
It's thanks to him that I can talk to you.
Otherwise, I was just like some kind
of completely disembodied ghost.
What an adorable little diggity dog!
Knock it off or I'll bite you!
-[Aelita laughs]
-Mangy mutt!
[snaps fingers]
I think I know what happened.
During the virtualization,
Ulrich's body and mind separated.
Is that why you couldn't localize him
on Lyoko?
Right, Ulrich is not there,
it's his inanimate body,
his corporal envelope,
which doesn't give the same signal.
Can you put me back together?
Since we have no classes today,
I'll go to the computer lab
with Aelita and run another search.
Once we locate your body,
I'm sure I'll find a way to put you back.
Great, and how long will that take you?
I hope I have it all worked out
by this afternoon.
[Ulrich] Cool! That'll give me time
to see about my future.
What are you talking about?
[barks]
Ulrich? You still there?
[barks and growls]
[phone rings]
[Yumi] Yes, Jeremy?
[gasps]
Alive? That's great!
Where did you find him?
-[sad trombone]
-[shrugs]
Kiwi?
[laughs]
Hey!
[whirring]
[footsteps]
Who's that handsome looking guy?
It's Jim Morales.
[clearing voice]
[Ulrich through Jim]
Who's that handsome guy?
Who's that handsome looking guy?
[yelling]
[door opens]
[gasps]
[swishes]
Thank you for finding it for me.
[laughs]
I've been looking for it.
-[groans] Oh, my back!
-[phone rings]
[phone rings]
Hello? Mrs. Hertz? Just the person I…
In fact, I was hoping to talk to you
about the Academic Review and…
Really, Jim. Call me Suzanne!
I have a favor to ask you.
Meet me in the gym in five minutes,
it's very important.
[hums]
Okay, I'll be there, Mrs.-- Suzanne!
[computer beeps]
[clicks]
Where can he be?
[Mrs. Hertz] Jim, darling?
You told me you used to be
a professional ballroom dancer
in Buenos Aires, right?
[hums]
Yes, that's right.
Good, I'll need your help.
Ever since you mentioned that,
I've been dying to learn how to tango.
[hums]
Just a minute, Suzanne.
I wanted to discuss
the case of Ulrich Stern.
Oh, no, please, Jim, not now.
The Academic Review
is the time to deal with him.
That's what I mean.
It'll be too late.
We need to discuss this now.
Oh, don't be like that, Jim.
I've got a date with Pedro
for the Sunday dance and brunch,
and I've got to dance the tango by then.
If I don't,
he won't pay any attention to me.
Okay, but first, let's talk about Stern.
If he had a second chance,
he could get better, I think.
[gasps]
I must have given that boy
a thousand chances!
Honestly, I'm sick and tired
of that lazy good for nothing!
Come on now, Jim. Let's tango.
[hums]
No second chance for Ulrich Stern,
no Australian tango lessons.
[hums]
I am out of here!
[gasps]
Argentinian tango!
[laughter]
[giggles]
Quiet down!
It sounds like a zoo around here.
[unintelligible chatter]
[yelling]
Fire away!
[children yelling]
Odd, cut it out, it's me, Ulrich!
-[Odd gasps]
-Ulrich?
[children yelling]
-[door slams]
-[groans]
[Yumi] What are you doing inside Jim?
I'm trying
to smooth things with Mrs. Hertz,
-but up to now, no luck.
-[phone rings]
Hello? Yes, Jeremy.
-[beeps]
-We located Ulrich's body.
It turned up in Sector Five.
Okay, great. I'll tell him.
You have to get to the factory.
It looks like Jeremy solved your problem.
Okay, after the Academic Review.
It's too important
after what happened with Mrs. Hertz.
What happened?
I'd rather not talk about it.
I'll be there as soon as I can.
[Mr. Delmas] Odd Della Robbia?
It's time for the Academic Review.
You are the Class Representative.
-Oh, no!
-Now, hurry up.
[moans]
[phone rings]
Yumi, something's wrong.
Ulrich's body seems to move on its own.
But isn't that normal?
[Jeremy] Of course not.
Without Ulrich's brain,
it shouldn't do anything.
Better get over here
as soon as you can.
Right now, I'm by myself.
Odd and Ulrich are at the Academic Review.
Rats! Aelita, can you send a text message
-and tell them we've got an emergency?
-[nods]
[theme music]
[Mr. Delmas]
Well then, how should we begin?
Shall we treat the student case files
-in ascending or descending order?
-[phone rings]
Della Robbia,
I wish you would show a little courtesy.
Cell phones are forbidden here.
Turn yours off.
I'm sorry, sir.
[shrugs]
Well, whom should we begin with?
Abulabbas or Zlikaric?
-Zlikaric!
-Abulabbas!
Lady's choice.
We begin then with the case file
of Miss Sorya Abulabbas.
[nods]
[grunts]
-[Jeremy] Virtualization.
-[groans]
[upbeat music]
[pants]
[Aelita] We're okay. We reached the edge
of the Mountain Sector.
Okay, I'm sending you the Transporter.
[computer beeps]
[digital whirring]
[computer chimes]
[whirring]
[swooshing]
-[beeping]
-Holosphere system, connected.
[swooshing]
[whirring]
[upbeat music]
[groans]
The key is over there,
-just on the other side.
-Let's go!
[metallic clang]
[Aelita pants]
[metallic clangs]
[Mr. Delmas] Right, and now
let's look at the file of Jeremy Belpois.
All is well. Nothing to add.
Yes, I think that everyone
would agree with me
when I say
that he is an exemplary student.
In short, he never makes a mistake.
Never makes a mistake,
you must be kidding.
Mr. Morales,
sports aren't everything, you know?
All right, next student.
[Yumi groans]
[pants]
[gasps]
[Yumi grunts]
[groans]
-[metallic clangs]
-[Yumi grunts]
[moans]
[rumbling]
-[Aelita moans]
-[Yumi grunts]
-[powering down]
-[moans]
[buzzing]
At your service!
Now, take the next passage on your left.
[action music]
[both pant]
[shrugs]
[Jeremy] And now, go right.
[groans]
Does everyone agree
that Della Robbia has remarkable potential
and he is lazy as the day is long?
But wait, I think he's made
a lot of progress, especially in gym.
Isn't that so, Mr. Morales?
[hums]
Yes, a lot of progress.
The others aren't afraid
when it's his turn at the javelin,
and he stopped dropping
the shot put on his toes.
All right,
I'll make a note of that in his file.
[tense music]
[Yumi] Ulrich?
[grunts in distorted voice]
-[gasps]
-[distorted] Super sprint!
[swooshing]
[gasps]
He's closing in on the Great Hall
at the Core of Lyoko.
Try not to lose him, okay?
[Yumi] That's easy for you to say.
He's fast.
[pants]
[Aelita] Jeremy?
[Jeremy] He changed direction.
You see another way out?
No, just a shaft.
-[Jeremy] That's it! Go ahead, jump!
-[both groan]
[theme music]
[Mr. Delmas] So, now,
we come to the case of Ulrich Stern.
Anyone care for some turnip soup?
Afraid that's all there is.
I think we have a serious problem.
Yes, this is scandalous!
They could have left some variety
like tomato or vegetable, or just coffee.
No, I was referring to Ulrich Stern.
He has stopped working.
He does nothing at all.
[Mrs. Hertz] His grades are terrible.
As far as I'm concerned,
I recommend he be transferred
to ninth grade remedial,
where he has a vague chance
of catching up.
[slurps]
Right.
So, is everyone in agreement?
[unintelligible chatter]
-I do not agree at all.
-Neither do I.
Go on, you have the floor, Jim.
You can't make a decision
based only on my… his grades.
They're far from excellent,
I'm not denying that,
but from there to saying that I…
that he doesn't lift a finger
is an awful lot to assume.
-And don't forget that you were--
-We were what?
You were once adolescents.
[tense music]
[swooshing]
[rumbling]
[whirring]
He reached the Great Hall
at the Core of Lyoko.
[Jeremy] Hurry up, ladies.
-Can you see a way in?
-[Aelita] No, it's a dead end.
[Jeremy] Oh, what luck!
XANA must have opened up a passage for him
leading directly into the Core of Lyoko.
What about you? Can you do the same?
No, I wish I could, but you'll have to go
by way of the Celestial Dome.
[Aelita] Okay, we'll take the elevator.
Remember how much your emotions
affected your work at school.
Who in this room can say
they've never felt lost?
Never had problems with their parents,
never had girl or boy problems?
Stern will straighten out. He promised me.
So, seriously, don't you all think
he deserves a second chance?
Well, if you look at it
from that point of view,
we might want to reconsider his case.
[unintelligible chatter]
I disagree completely!
And as the senior teacher,
I feel bound to impose my veto.
Stern should be transferred
to ninth grade remedial, and that's all!
-[heartbeats]
-[shrugs]
[upbeat music]
[Jeremy] Hurry! The shield layer
of the sphere took a 30 point energy hit.
[whirring]
[grunts in distorted voice]
[groans]
[metallic grating]
Jeremy, we're almost there.
Can you program our vehicles?
[Mr. Delmas] Come now, Suzanne.
You were a teenager once, you know.
Of course I was,
but I stand by my decision.
Suzanne, can I have a word with you?
[footsteps]
Listen, Suzanne,
if you give Stern a second chance,
you have my word
that I'll teach you the tango,
the rumba, the cha-cha-cha,
and any other stupid…
ballroom dance you want. I swear.
[hums]
[rumbling]
[computer beeps]
[metallic grating]
Well then, all right.
Since everyone is against me,
we'll leave that thumb twiddling
Mr. Stern in his current class.
Yes!
But if he doesn't shape up,
I'll ship him out.
-Can I please go to the bathroom?
-Me too, sir.
[hums]
The emotion, you know what I mean.
[whirring]
[swishing]
[grunts in distorted voice]
[Yumi grunts]
[Aelita groans]
[Manta shrieks]
[groans]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Yumi grunts]
[moans]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Aelita groans]
[groans]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Manta shrieks]
[grunts]
[Aelita moans]
[grunts in distorted voice]
[whirring]
-[whirring]
-Jeremy, we're here.
About time. Ulrich, first of all,
you must leave Jim's body now.
-I hope he doesn't flip out on us.
-[whirring]
I bet he'd rather not talk about this.
[Jeremy] Odd,
I'm sending you over right now.
Ulrich, you wait in one of the cabins.
The minute your body devirtualizes,
I'll re-fusion it with your mind.
Just be patient, okay?
-[door slams]
-Don't mess up this time, Einstein.
[computer beeps]
Transfer Odd.
[digital whirring]
Scanner Odd.
-[whirring]
-Virtualization.
[digital whirring]
[grunts]
[thumping]
[whirring]
[grunts in distorted voice]
-[lasers blasting]
-[grunts]
-[Aelita] Energy field!
-[blast]
[Manta shrieks]
-[Aelita gasps]
-[lasers blasting]
[whirring]
[action music]
[swooshing]
[whirring]
[grunts]
[digital whirring]
[Manta shrieks]
[whirring]
Who left our gym teacher
on the floor asleep?
[whirring]
Odd, move it.
There's only one shield layer left
protecting the Core of Lyoko.
[Odd] Move it? Easy for you to say.
I only have two legs, you know.
Oh, perfect timing, Einstein!
[grunts in distorted voice]
[groans]
[computer beeps]
Odd, one more blow with his saber,
and the second shield layer's destroyed.
[Manta shrieks]
[Odd] Laser arrow!
-[lasers blasting]
-[Odd grunts]
[swooshing]
[Ulrich groans]
[distorted] Triplicate.
-[lasers blasting]
-[grunts]
[Odd screams]
[grunts in distorted voice]
[groans]
[whirring]
[moans]
[swooshing]
[whirring]
[groans]
We're okay, Jeremy.
Ulrich, it's time.
I'm starting up your fusion.
Oh, it's a great feeling
to have my body back.
[theme music]
[footsteps]
Stop! There, under your foot.
[upbeat music]
Thank you, Stern. Saved me on that one.
[hums]
But why did you do that?
Let's just say
that I've been in your shoes.
Well done, my boy.
I see that something positive
has gotten into that head of yours.
Jim, I'm ready to dance.
What should we start with?
Tango, paso doble, rumba?
I'm starting with a hot cup of coffee
and six doughnuts.
After that,
I've got jogging with the eighth graders.
But what about my ballroom
dance lessons? You promised me.
Hey, Suzanne! I think you had
one too many herbal teas last night.
They do weird things to your head.
[groans]
[Jim grunts]
-[Jim moans]
-[Mrs. Hertz grunts]
[theme music]